hey if you like Korean food then you're
gonna want to check out this pagoda
recipe that I have for you
the ingredients are shown on the screen
there's not a lot but by the time you're
done you're gonna have a nice tender
juicy the Gobi to eat first let's
prepare three or four cloves of garlic
then let's cut an onion in half and chop
it up now let's also cut up three stalks
of scallions and set them aside as well
now get a large mixing bowl
first thing you want to do
a quarter cup of soy sauce
now add two tablespoons of sesame oil
add 1 tablespoon of
now let's also add two tablespoons of
honey add 1 tablespoon of roasted sesame
seeds and the final ingredient in our
marinade is a quarter teaspoon of red
pepper powder you will barely taste this
now mix everything very well in the bowl
has put those onions in from earlier and
also the garlic
and the scallions as well
next we add the beef it's important to
pick the right beef stuff so we pick the
thinly sliced kind and the kind that has
a little bit fat in it this isn't the
healthiest choice but after you cook it
it'll be less dry and then being really
tasty all right now it's time to mix
everything together so either put up
some gloves or don't but just mix
everything very well and evenly if it
looks a little dry don't worry about it
by the time it it's ready to cook
again we even marinated it from one to
five hours or overnight for our even
better results
all right let's cover this up and let it
marinate
in our video the neat sat for two or
three hours before okay so we're doing
this at the table I think it's a Korean
thing but you know they really like to
cook their meat and foods at the table
and eat it while it's fresh and hot the
thing you want to be aware of is that
you don't want to overcrowd the hot pan
or whatever use we don't have a proper
Korean barbecue real soldiers using
but yeah you don't want to overcrowd it
because if you do it may not cook or
char as well and I get Steve means that
have you know mr. fry
so you can do this too but as you can
see we have vegetables at the table we
actually used half the grill to cook the
vegetables and the other half to cook
the meat the vegetables don't need any
seasoning at all because the juices and
flavor from the meat will be wonderfully
absorbed in the vegetable
and it's gonna help out excellent okay
get a bowl of rice and as the Koreans do
directly transfer the cooked food
you
thanks for watching be sure to keep
watching because I'm going to have
some additional features to share with
you guys I'd appreciate it if you guys
would subscribe and give a thumbs up if
you like these videos thanks